Add ability to retreive grpc service instance from context (#21)
th2-net/th2-conn-dirty-tcp-core: README.md

# Changelog

## 2.1.0

> * Handler context interface changed: added option to retrieve grpc service instances.
> * JavaTimeModule added to object mapper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* allow to retrieve gRPC service from handler context
* support JSR-310 date and time types in settings
```
